You are now watching my website video guide.
This is my home page. It provides the overview for my site.
By clicking on the 'Validate my HTML!' link at the bottom of each page,
you can validate each of my webpages with the W3 validator.
The same can be done with the 'Valid CSS' button on each page.
By clicking on the navigation links on the left, different parts of the site can be accessed.
Here is my discovery log. It contains details on the things I have learned throughout studying the WEBF1 unit.
It also contains links to other relevant pages.
On the right hand side is the discovery log page navigation. This allows you to traverse the discovery log with ease.
This is my Portfolio / Learning Journal. It acts as an informal account of the things I have learnt and done on my course.
This is my literature review page. It contains both the submitted artifact as well as the marking comments I received.
This video guide was recorded on 13/02/2018. Site is subject to change.